Add `aio` extras to azure-cosmos for async dependencies (#47143)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Features Added
* Added **preview** support for the optional `embeddingSource` field on entries in `vector_embedding_policy.vectorEmbeddings`, which allows the service to generate vector embeddings from the specified item paths. Requires the embedding-generation service to be enabled on the account. See [46870](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/46870)

> * Added `aio` extras to the package, allowing users to install async dependencies with `pip install azure-cosmos[aio]`. See [#39457](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/issues/39457)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `aio` extras to the package, allowing users to install async dependencies with `pip install azure-cosmos[aio]`. See [PR 47143](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/47143)
```
